[Japanese music playing]
[thunder crashing]
[screams]
The thunder god’s
gonna steal my bellybutton!
Didn’t know you were
so afraid of thunder.
The sound it makes as it tears
through the sky is terrifying!
Loud, random noises
are the worst.
Why not just cover your ears?
If you hadn’t noticed, my hands
a little busy at the moment!
They have to protect
my bellybutton!
I swear I couldn’t be
more straightforward.
Is she using that word right?
Straightforward.
[whimpers]
Since your bellybutton
doesn’t seem to need protection,
can I borrow your hands?
Sure. Do you mean like this?
Uh‐‐[gasps]
All the trains have been stopped
because of the typhoon.
Oh? I’m sorry to hear that.
You’d better go ahead
and call home.
We don’t own a car,
so it’s no use.
What am I gonna do?
[gasps]
I know.
I could offer to have
my chauffeur give him a ride.
Um, I may have an idea.
Huh?
Wait a second.
That’s kind of
the same thing as a date!
[narrator] Oh, it’s not
kind of the same thing.
It is the same thing.
Sitting shoulder to shoulder
in close quarters,
the sound of the rain and radio
blending into a perfect medley
while you strike up
any number of conversations.
And if a stoplight
happens to be red...
[Shinomiya] Oh, I wish this
light would stay red forever.
...it only serves
to prolong the magic.
Although technically her driver
would be third‐wheeling
the entire time,
a date’s a date,
and to someone like Kaguya,
it doesn’t get much more ideal.
So in conclusion...
‐ [creaking]
‐ It hurts. It hurts.
If I volunteer
to take him home,
I’m basically asking him out!
‐ Is there something wrong?
‐ Not at all.
‐ [joints pop]
‐ [yelps]
Why would there be?
It’d be fine if the president
brought it up,
but I can’t afford to offer
a ride unprompted.
Still, abandoning him
in his time of need
feels like it might have
its own set of consequences.
So I’ll simply
have to find a way
to make him ask for my help
instead of volunteering it.
[cell phone buzzing]
Uhh. And that sound means
my taxi’s almost here.
They sure
didn’t waste any time.
What the heck should I do?
Oh, yeah. The president doesn’t
have a ride home yet, does he?
That seems to be the case.
There’s plenty of room
in my taxi.
Oh. I think I saw
a flash of lightning.
[screams]
I’ll keep your ears
covered nice and tight
so you don’t hear
the thunder, okay?
What’s that?
I can’t hear you! Agh!
Perhaps I should shield
your eyes while I’m at it.
I don’t think I like this.
[chuckles]
Now let’s go downstairs
and greet that taxi
of yours, shall we?
[Fujiwara]
Not being able to see is scary,
but it’s also kind of fun!
What a weird game.
All right.
Now that the harbinger of chaos
is out of the way,
it should be
smooth sailing from here.
Or at least it will be as soon
as I come up with a plan.
I’m so screwed.
I was scheduled to work.
If this downpour doesn’t let up,
I’ll miss my shift.
[chuckles] Quite the quandary.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Typhoons are unfortunate,
but it’s still unprofessional
to miss work because of them.
You could call a taxi,
but that’d cost you more
than you make in a day, right?
Perhaps you should ask
someone you know to take you.
I mean, your reputation as
a professional is on the line.
‐ [groans]
‐ Excellent.
Looks like that was effective.
I’m gonna go think this over
in the restroom.
Thanks for sharing.
The president
is much too frugal
to cave in and pay for a taxi,
meaning he’ll be begging me
for a ride any minute now.
It’s the only logical outcome.
[door closes]
Victory is mine.
[giggles]
Let’s see here.
I’d have to work five hours
to pay for a cab.
but I can’t just call in when
taking one’s an option, can I?
Oh, no. The trains
are up and running again!
What kind of typhoon are you
if you can’t rain hard enough
to stop a few modes
of public transportation?!
[sighs]
Desperate times
call for desperate measures.
[narrator] Item one
of the seven tools
to take down the president,
a dead battery.
Anticipating
a variety of situations,
Kaguya has prepared
seven special items
to aid in defeating Shirogane.
And this bad boy just happens
to be one of ’em.
I have roughly 60 seconds
before he returns.
It’s not much time,
but it’s just enough to
switch out his phone battery.
‐ [footsteps echoing]
‐ I couldn’t have chosen
a mission with
a higher difficulty level.
I can do it, though.
I have to do it.
[exhales]
Are you okay?
[sighs] Yes, of course.
Just doing some light exercise.
Mm.
[gasps]
Great. Now my battery’s dead?
[buzzing]
Hey, Shinomiya,
mind if I borrow your‐‐
Looks like my ride
finally made it,
‐ so I’d best be on my way.
‐ Oh, uh, okay.
Be careful.
[door closes]
[sighs]
All that’s left to do now
is wait.
[man vocalizing]
You know I’d normally
never ask this of you,
but please have mercy
and give me a lift!
My goodness. How can I refuse
after witnessing
a display like that?
Just pick yourself up,
and I’ll take you
wherever you need to go.
Thank you, Shinomiya!
You’re a goddess!
I mean it!
Yes, that is a very cute plan.
It’s possibly the cutest one
you’ve ever made.
But if you end up succeeding,
then how am I
supposed to get home?
Hmm?
On foot, of course.
There’s a force in this world
called karma,
and if you don’t
take better care of me,
you’ll come to know it well.
Is that meant to be
some kind of a threat?
[Shirogane roaring]
[energetic music playing]
‐ [music stops]
‐ [scream fading]
You see?
I was kidding.
I called you a taxi
as soon as I realized
that he might actually
ride home with me.
[sighs]
[whimpers]
Why?!
[birds chirping]
[panting]
Well, can’t say
I didn’t see this coming.
If you knew
that this would happen,
then you should have said.
Guess this means neither of us
are going to school today.
I go make you some porridge.
[Shinomiya gasps]
No, don’t.
Please, Hayasaka,
you’ve gotta stay with me, okay?
I’d like this job a lot more
if you were always this cute.
Bad news, you guys.
Shinomiya’s sick.
[narrator] We’ll get
to the heart‐pounding
home‐visit scene later.
[Shirogane] Yes! You can
practically do anything
with this! It’s priceless!
Bad news, you guys.
Shinomiya’s sick.
So someone has to go drop off
her assignments at her house.
Pick me! I’d be happy to go!
You seem almost too eager.
Because this wouldn’t
be the first time
I’ve visited her
when she was sick.
It’s such a remarkable sight
to see.
’Cause, you see, she acts
so cute that it’s irresistible!
Irresistible how?
President,
will you dry my back?
Ahh...
Like pure adorableness.
And the best part,
it’s the one time
you can cuddle her,
and she won’t get mad.
‐ I... see.
‐ [sighs]
A hug might make me
feel better.
It’d be selfish for one person
to hog sick Kaguya
to themselves,
so let’s all go together.
‐ Um, for real?
‐ Yep, yep.
The last thing
a sick person needs
is a bunch of visitors
she didn’t ask for.
Sending one courier
would be much more considerate.
Don’t make me go.
I’m terrified.
I think Ishigami’s right.
Then the person
who gets to go....
will be the one
who wins concentration.
[narrator] Concentration,
a game where you concentrate.
Yeah.
We won’t use the jokers.
And if anyone’s caught cheating,
that’s an automatic
five‐point deduction.
‐ Got it?
‐ Okay.
Let’s rock‐paper‐scissors
for turn order.
[Shirogane] Sure.
Nice one.
That means you’re first,
President.
All right.
Hah! Alrighty, let’s do this.
Oh, we’re not doing anything!
You nearly gave me
a heart attack!
Why are you freaking out?!
Because I have a few questions
I’d like to ask before we play.
Like why you, of all people,
chose a memory game.
Doesn’t add up,
no matter how you slice it.
The Fujiwara I know
would have opted for a game
she was actually proficient at.
And then you randomly
brought up some rule
about what happens to players
who get caught cheating.
Why not just disqualify them?
If you’d kept your mouth shut
and acted normal,
I probably
wouldn’t have noticed this.
But tell me, Fujiwara,
do these designs
look like numbers to you?
[murmurs]
This entire deck is marked,
you cheater!
I almost didn’t believe him,
but it’s all true.
What an underhanded trick,
you fraud. And you got caught
before you even had a chance
to take advantage of it.
How embarrassed
are you right now?
Hell, I’m embarrassed for you.
I’d pack up and be halfway home.
Shame, shame, shame, shame...
Enough. I think
she gets the picture.
‐ ...shame, shame...
‐ We already accepted her rule,
which this clearly falls under,
so she’s just down five points.
It’s still a good thing
we caught her, though.
Aha! That’s right!
It’s only classified as cheating
if you get caught, so hah!
[Shirogane]
But you did get caught.
[narrator] Let’s start over.
Once they got a new deck,
they actually started playing.
The goal is to remember
the position of each card,
a feat they’ve
executed brilliantly,
for no mistakes
have been made yet.
Shirogane and Fujiwara
have eight points,
while Ishigami’s
in the lead with ten.
But there are 24 cards left,
so it’s still anyone’s game.
Looks like we’re tied
for first place now.
Could you dry my front too,
President?
You have great memories.
I’d be disappointed
if you didn’t.
So let’s shake things up a bit!
‐ Oh, no!
‐ [gasps]
[narrator] A placement change.
An effective,
yet annoying strategy used
to meddle with the memories
of opposing players
I can’t remember
which is which.
[narrator]
Following this tactical move,
Fujiwara proceeds
to rack up points like a boss.
She even makes up
for the five she lost.
[laughs]
So, boys, are you having
as much fun as I am?
Damn it.
I’m in last place.
I can’t let this go on,
or else I’ll never see
Shinomiya’s cute side.
President,
could you pet me, please?
You know what?
I should probably bring her
something other than homework.
Gotta make it special
since it’s so rare and all.
It will happen a lot more
if she makes a habit of standing
in the rain like that.
She was in the rain?
Are you sure?
I could have sworn
she had a ride.
Whether she had one or not,
I saw what I saw.
She was standing
in front of the school gates
Seemed like she was
waiting for someone.
[gasps]
Could it be...
that she was waiting for me?
It’s all a blur.
[music playing]
But if that’s the case,
then her cuteness
has no bearing on this,
and I’m a fool for focusing
on something so trivial.
If I’m the reason she got sick,
then I have to be
the one who sees her.
I need to use my head
for strategies, not fantasies!
Kings are 13.
Damn. I saw
the matching card earlier.
Is she gonna remember it?
‐ Hmm.
‐ Eh?
I got a 7.
[gasps]
Did she really just slip up?
Wait a second.
[chuckles]
I see now.
Hurry up.
We haven’t got all day.
Match.
And another.
I do believe I’ve won.
[narrator] Shirogane
takes first place.
Man, that was some comeback,
Prez.
Well, once I picked up
on her trick, it was a cinch.
‐ What trick?
‐ [whimpers]
I noticed that the patterns
on the back of these cards
aren’t symmetrical.
Little fork’s at an angle,
which means you can use it
as a pointer.
[clock chimes]
[gasps] It’s like...
the hands on a clock.
Bingo. You can mark
each card’s value
by pointing it
at a corresponding time
when you set it down.
And since clocks
only go from 1 to 12,
Fujiwara tried to keep 13s
out of her way.
She moved the cards
to throw us off
and to hide her little trick.
Fujiwara.
[whimpers]
Cheater!
You dirty, sneaky, crooked,
conniving con artist!
Have you no shame?!
That’s the second time
he caught you cheating!
But instead of outing you,
he used your own cheap trick
against you!
I mean, really!
How much does it suck
to have that happen?!
Don’t look at me.
[crying] I just
wanted to see cute Kaguya.
Tell me
if that’s really so wrong!
I wanna die, so I’m going home.
[Ishigami] Oh, I bet you do.
But please don’t actually die!
[groans]
That trick went off
without a hitch
when I used it
against my sisters.
The sheer gall of that girl!
Tabletop gamers are so shallow,
yet the holes they dig
are so deep.
Should have dropped her shovel,
but she just kept on digging.
If it had been
Shinomiya’s strategy,
I doubt I would have been able
to crack it as easily as I did.
Shinomiya would have...
Uh‐‐[gasps]
Oh, crap. I’m getting nervous.
Should I bring her something
other than homework?
I wanna find out how many
peaches I can fit in my mouth.
Just canned peaches, though.
So cute.
[narrator] Remember when I said
we’d get
to the home visit later?
[narrator] It’s later.
[gong chimes]
[chamber music playing]
[gate rumbles]
So this is the famous
Shinomiya villa.
I’ve seen it online before,
but the pictures
didn’t do it justice.
Maybe I should have brought
more than
just drinks and jello.
[British accent]
Greetings, sir.
It’d be my honor
if you’d refer to me
as Hayasaka A. Smithee.
I suppose you could call me
Lady Kaguya’s helper.
So pleased to make
your acquaintance.
[wails] It’s a maid!
A real maid!
So then,
judging from your uniform,
I take it you are here
to see my lady, yes?
Uh, yes.
Y‐You’re very perceptive.
Then allow me to escort you
to her room, please.
Her room?
No, that isn’t necessary.
I just have her schoolwork.
I don’t actually
need to go inside.
So yeah, could you take this
to her instead, please?
[no accent] Don’t chicken out
after coming this far.
[British accent]
Right this way.
Wait. Hold on.
In my country,
when men have gifts for women,
they give them in person,
‐ so move, please.
‐ [stammers]
[knock at the door]
Lady Kaguya...
it seems you have a visitor.
[gasps]
’Ey! And what, may I ask,
do you think you are doing?
Cute.
I can’t find them anywhere.
Hmm? What are you
trying to find, my lady?
Fireworks.
[Hayasaka] Fireworks?
Once I find them,
will you do some
with me, Hayasaka?
Hard pass, please.
Ehh. Ahh.
I know with summer
being so close,
you’re looking forward
to certain activities,
but what you should be
focusing on is getting better.
Come on. Fireworks are fun.
Enough of that.
Someone has come to visit you.
So do they like fireworks?
[sighs]
It’s the president!
Is this still my house,
or are we at school?!
No, this is your house.
[squeals] Why didn’t
anyone think to ask me
if I was okay
with you moving in?
Because I’m not moving in! Jeez!
Hey, what’s wrong with her?
Well, according
to Sigmund Freud,
our actions are
determined by desire, the id.
They’re also determined
by one’s reason, the ego.
Eh?
It’s human instinct
that produces
the desires of the id,
while it’s the ego’s duty
to serve as the brake
that suppresses those desires.
That being said, if the source
of the ego is somehow lost,
what’s really being compromised
is a person’s ability to think.
They revert to something
that’s more on par with a beast.
The id takes control,
‐ and they become a simpleton.
‐ [Shirogane] Say what?
For people whose brains
are normally working overtime,
the effect is significantly
more pronounced.
Ehh. Ehh.
Although at first glance,
she seems conscious,
it would be more accurate to say
she’s in the midst
of a waking dream.
‐ [moans]
‐ [sighs]
And much like a dream,
she’ll have no memory
of what she did
while in this state
when she fully recovers.
She’s basically blackout drunk.
Why do I feel so uncomfortable?
Now then, if you’ll excuse me,
I need to get back to work,
so keep the lady company
in the meantime, please.
Okay, sure.
By the way,
on my honor as a maid,
I can assure you
no one will enter this room
for the next three hours.
But you must refrain
from doing inappropriate things.
Yeah, I‐I wouldn’t.
Oh, and these walls are
completely, 100% soundproof.
And keep in mind she
won’t remember you were here,
so what happens in this room
stays in this room,
no matter what it is.
Though I sincerely hope
it’s not inappropriate, please.
I’m not that kind of guy.
[closing door echoes]
[sighs]
[clattering]
I brought you a variety
of drinks, Shinomiya.
Do you want one?
You brought fireworks?
Sorry. Not even close.
She’s not in even a state to
have a conversation right now.
If I’m being honest
with myself,
I was creepily hoping I could
help her drink one of these.
But she’s so out of it.
I could take advantage of this,
get her to divulge her
true feelings and weaknesses.
But...
Hey, um...
is it my fault
you caught this cold?
Huh?
You wanted to give me
a ride yesterday, right?
That’s why you were waiting
in the rain at the school gate.
I don’t know.
What you said sounds right,
but there were parts of it
that also sounded wrong.
Which is it?
I suddenly get the feeling
you’re really mad at me.
‐ Uh...
‐ I’m sorry.
Hang on. Why would I be mad?
Why?
Because of me.
Because I’m always
causing trouble for you.
There are so many times,
especially with you,
where I have no idea
what I’m doing.
This is the first time for me,
so I just don’t know.
So I fall back on my old habits,
’cause that’s all I do know.
I’m sure there
must be better ways,
but this one’s all I’m good at,
so it’s how I’ve gotta do it.
But just today, I wanna try...
[Shirogane] Uh...
I wanna sleep together.
Huh? Wait.
Shinomiya‐‐[yelps]
Are you embarrassed
about this stuff?
[giggles]
You really are quite cute.
[Shirogane] Hold on a second.
No one will disturb us
for three hours,
and Shinomiya will forget
whatever happens?
Why have I been given
this overly convenient chance
to be a scumbag?!
It isn’t fair!
Oh, no.
I can feel my control slipping!
I’m reverting to a beast!
[snoring]
[Shinomiya murmuring]
Jeez, what time is it?
I get the feeling
I was out for a good while.
[shudders]
[theme music playing]
[gasps]
[yells]
[Shirogane wails]
President?!
Why are you sleeping
next to me in my bed?!
Now hold on! I came
to give you your schoolwork‐‐
I don’t care what you came for!
Because what you did
is crawl up under my bedsheet!
Only because you asked me to!
Just admit
what a sleazy guy you are
instead of pinning
the blame on me!
In fact, what are you
still doing here?!
‐ Get out!
‐ [yelps]
[screams]
[panting]
[no accent] You know, I can’t
say I didn’t see this coming.
[stammering]
Good news is you seem to have
gotten your strength back.
That’s a relief.
So, um, Hayasaka,
exactly how far did we go?
Good question.
[Shirogane] It was tough,
but I maintained
my self‐control,
despite the temptations.
[narrator] Thus ends
the heart‐pounding home visit.
[Hayasaka] Hmm. Guess he didn’t
do anything inappropriate.
[Japanese music playing]